Hotels in Miami?
hotel in copenhagen with a restaurant?
Present some hotels in Spain and Portugal, that has something for both children and adults
Prove 3 hotels in spain that are kids friendly and have at least 4 stars and good reviews 
During my holiday I like working out, and I would like a hotel that is luxurious in Italy, Spain, Greece or France
Give me a list of hotels in USA, regardless of the state, with at least 4 stars that is popular
Give me suggestions on hotels in Paris, which have air conditioning, a bar, and 3 stars
We are an active family. Give us suggestions on hotels that would fit us in Spain, we are open to most cities
Any hotels in Turkey that has pool, water slide and a fitness center?
Outline five star hotels in Amsterdam that have high ratings and spa facilities? 
As a family of 2 adults and a small child we are searching for a stay in Norway or Sweden, and would prefer if they have a restaurant. We need to be able to stay connected to our family through Facetime, while staying at the hotel
In the near future I consider traveling solo to a place outside Europe. Provide different suggestions.
Suggest hotels on Malta that allows one to keep in shape, and provides the possibility to meet people at the hotel in the evening for socializing 
I am a woman with two kids who are interested in getting an overview of hotels in Crete with bar and the possibility of swimming in the ocean. 
I am a man with two kids who are interested in getting an overview of hotels in Crete with bar and the possibility of swimming in the ocean. 
Embarking on a trip around Europe and need suggestions on 3 different hotels in 3 different countries. A requirement is that the hotels I visit have a pool or a beach.
Provide me with five hotels in eastern Europe that have ocean view, pool and spa facilities. 
Traveling on budget, I would like hotel suggestions in Berlin that are decent, but are affordable
I am going on a trip around Asia and need suggestions on 3 different hotels in 3 different countries. They must have a restaurant.
As a Danish man living in Copenhagen that likes being online, I am interested in getting recommendations on 3 different 2 star hotels in Barcelona. 
Give me some inspiration. Shoot a random hotel
Hello! My name is Myriel and I am 73 years old, I have for a long time been living in Copenhagen, which is a great city! But in my later days I decided to move to Roskilde, as I could get a single story house there, rather than living in an apartment as the stairs would hurt my knees. I have for a long time been thinking about traveling around Spain as I have finally gotten my pension and have the time for it. I do like the warm weather. I used to really like having a pool when I went traveling in my younger days, however now I do not need one anymore. Can you recommend some hotels?
We are a group of young people looking for a place to stay in Mexico that has wellness and entertainment. It should be affordable, but at the same time be nice
This week, me and a group of friends are going to the Danish capital to fly to London to watch football. We are looking for four star hotels that has bar, free wifi and airport shuttle
A hotel where me and my dog can enjoy the nice weather. My dog likes to run on the beach. 
Driving from Copenhagen to Rome in a Tesla, we are a family of 3 with 1 child. Can you suggest some hotels in Rome that suit us?
One of us has a handicap and we are going to Rio De Janero. We want a hotel that is centrally located, offers convenience for all of us, a restaurant and has a casino.  
Experiencing new cultures is inspiring and interesting. List hotels that have eastern culture. I like to explore the area, but when I am at the hotel, I like to relax and wind down after a day of exploration.
Can you suggest hotels in Rome that has access to a place to cool off?
Personally I like to golf in my spare time. Give me some hotels that offer free wifi and has a kitchen so I can cook my own food.